♪♪
And there is
another pine tree!
(CHUCKLES)
Is this not thrilling?
Only if there's presents
under it.
Yeah, Ravi,
usually your hikes are fun,
but I give this one a big...
(BLOWS RASPBERRY)
And that's
on a scale from...
(RETCHES)
To... Eh.
Ooh, look... Mud!
Oh, so mud gets a "Ooh!"
while my pine trees get a...
(BLOWS RASPBERRY)
Good consistency.
Texture on point.
Robust flavor.
Should we be worried
about Jorge?
We should always
be worried about Jorge.
I mean, this is
the perfect mud for sliding!
Come on!
I can't. My mother
doesn't let me get messy.
I have to eat ribs
in the shower.
Which does nothing
for the flavor.
Sliding in the mud
sounds fun.
The only thing I slid on
in New York was dog poop.
Forget it!
It is dangerous.
It has rocks, sticks,
and it is directly downhill
from the outhouse.
Okay.
Bye, mud.
See you later...
In my dreams.
He wants to dream about mud?
You think
that's the weirdest
thing about Jorge?
For two weeks,
his best friend
was a tetherball.
JORGE: Hey!
You leave Gerald out of this!
♪ Here we go
♪ We're leaving the city
behind right now
♪ Let's gather by
the campfire light
♪ And sing this song
ALL:
♪ Kikiwaka
♪ Hanging out
with someone new
♪ Then falling out
of a camp canoe
♪ What's that smell?
It's on your shoe
ALL:
♪ Kikiwaka
♪ Got a s'more in my hair
♪ Mosquitos in
our underwear
♪ Shower's broke
but we don't care
ALL:
♪ Kikiwaka
♪ This is our home away
from home away from
home away from home
♪ But watch your back
A bear just ate my phone
ALL:
♪ Kikiwaka, Kikiwaka
♪ Kikiwaka, Kikiwaka ♪
So, Emma,
tonight's our fiftieth date.
And to celebrate,
I'm taking you to
the old lighthouse!
(GASPS) You mean
that five-star seafood
restaurant where every oyster
comes with a pearl necklace?
No, it's an actual
old lighthouse.
It's where my parents
went on their fiftieth date.
That night my dad realized
my mom was the one,
and my mom realized
my dad was good enough.
How romantic...
For one of them.
Hey, Lou.
How'd your date go?
It stunk.
Even worse than this mole.
Oh, you misread the menu.
That's just mole.
In that case,
it smells pretty good.
What was so bad
about this guy?
He was a wimp,
like all the guys now.
What happened to the manly men
of olden times?
I think they're all dead.
Hey, who says
modern men aren't manly?
Yeah, there're plenty
of tough guys left.
Like my man.
Thanks, sweetie.
Can you pass me my hand cream?
Even tough guys
need to moisturize.
Since it is going
to rain all day, let us play
a fun indoor game!
I spy with my little eye...
Three kids who are bored
and about to cry.
Actually, I was
thinking of this cup.
Ravi, even I think
this is boring,
and I once wrote a term paper
on the number three.
You know
what would be fun, Ravi?
One of those great
board games you make.
I thought you hated
Dewey Decimal Land.
You dumped your juice
all over Non-Fiction Forest.
Because I was frustrated
that I didn't get to stop
at the Dictionary Depot.
Understandable.
I have been working on a game
about America's independence.
It has political intrigue,
and a colorful spinner.
Both?
(SCOFFS) Yes!
I shall return in one hour.
Prepare for a revolution
of the mind.
Okay, you heard the man.
We have an hour.
To do what?
Rip off our arms
so we don't have
to play the game?
No, to slide in the mud!
Oh, cool! I'm glad
we got that straight
before I ripped off my arms.
Come on, Tiffany.
But Ravi specifically said
we couldn't.
Ah, who cares?
(SIGHS) Okay, fine.
BOTH: Yes!
And after that, we'll play
Ravi's history game!
BOTH: No!
But he said
it has a colorful spinner!
(CHUCKLES)
Man, this place is great.
I knew it'd be perfect
for our fiftieth date.
It's so romantic.
The sky, the ocean...
The Lou!
Thanks again
for letting me tag along.
Since I'm, you know...
Single.
Let's light
this bad boy up.
It doesn't look like it works.
Too bad.
I've been working on
my shadow bunnies for years.
Isn't that just when
you hold two fingers up?
Well, yeah,
but you gotta wiggle 'em.
Hey, guys,
check it out.
This must be the old
lighthouse keeper's journal.
Oh.
Well, hello, good looking!
Mama likey.
That must be
the lighthouse keeper.
Oh, he's
a keeper all right.
Hey, calm down, you are
drooling on the picture.
Oh. "April 17, 1916.
"'Tis freezing today,
but I am shielded
from the biting wind
"by the embrace
of my lovely wife..."
There she is,
the light of my life.
Next to the light in my life.
Oh, Tucker, you are
the manliest of men.
And that includes
Larry the logger,
who's had a full beard
since he was eight.
Thank you, Lou.
And your beauty has
inspired me to write
no less than five
classic sea chanteys.
(SIGHS) How I love
to watch you hoisting
the blubber that you cut
from the whale you harpooned
with your own two
rugged hands.
Ooh, callousy.
I feel another chantey
coming on!
I bet this Tucker
was a real man's man.
And he is rockin'
that peacoat.
Looks like he came
right off a box
of fish sticks.
If he were alive today,
I bet we'd be soul mates.
Ugh, gross!
He'd be, like, 120.
That's okay.
I like mature men.
Too bad I'll never find
my real-life Tucker.
Hey, I'm Bronson.
Found him! Dibs.
(WHOOPING)
Mud, shake hands
with my butt.
(WHOOPING)
(BOTH GIGGLING)
Wasn't that awesome?
Yeah!
And I thought mud
was just for throwing
at mimes in Central Park!
I don't know, you guys.
I don't think we should
be doing this.
Ravi told us not to.
It seems so wrong.
But which makes it
feel so right!
Okay, I'm going for it.
(SCREAMS)
(GASPS) So messy!
So amazing!
I'm dirty, Mother!
Dirty!
And I love it!
(LAUGHING)
So, the guy in this picture
is Tucker, your great
grandfather?
Yes. I come up here
to feel closer to him.
I like to keep
the old place fixed up.
It gives me
an opportunity to think...
About the sea,
and man's mortality.
Wow.
Usually my thoughts
are just about smoking
brisket.
Maybe you could
cook for me sometime.
Wait till you try
my secret sauce.
I never give away
the recipe.
Okay, you wore me down,
it's ketchup.
(CHUCKLES)
So, do you live in town?
No, I prefer a simpler life.
I built myself
a cabin in the woods.
He built a cabin!
And I hunt for my own food.
He hunts for food.
But I do have a generator,
so I can power
my electric blanket.
I like to be cozy.
He likes to be cozy.
Cozy is good.
Bronson is perfect for Lou.
He's rugged,
old-fashioned,
and hecka manly.
He's not that manly.
Are you kidding?
Anchors have tattoos of him!
Okay, Bronson,
random question.
How much do you lift, bro?
I don't know.
How much does a moose weigh?
Well, this has been a blast.
But we should
head back to camp.
I'd stay if I were you.
When a storm's getting bad,
the hairs on the back
of my neck stand up.
Look.
Yep, they're up.
We're staying put!
When Bronson gets done
patching that hole
in the roof,
I might break something else,
just to watch him fix it.
EMMA: Bronson is so hunky.
But so is Xander!
Except Xander's
terrified of heights.
(GRUNTS)
But he's very brave
at ground level.
(GIGGLING)
Wasn't that fun?
Yeah, I don't know
what was better,
sliding in the mud
or winning the state
spelling bee.
Both required
a change of pants.
Jorge, can't you go one day
without scratching your butt?
I'm sorry,
but it really itches!
(GASPS)
We're all itching!
Oh, no! We must have
slid in poison oak!
Or maybe we're itchy
because of the runoff
from the outhouse.
So raw sewage
is our best-case scenario?
Ravi can't see us scratching.
He'll know we disobeyed him!
But I'm horrible at lying.
Whenever I do,
I start giggling like crazy!
I turn into
a human polygraph!
RAVI: Okay!
Who is eager
to play the game of
Life, Liberty, and
the Pursuit of Happiness?
(CHUCKLES)
Rhetorical question,
I know everyone is.
And I guarantee
it will be way more fun than
sliding in some messy mud.
Which we would never do!
(GIGGLING)
Because
we'd never disobey you!
(GIGGLING)
Is there a gas leak in here?
Lou, this lighthouse
is for you,
so you'll always
remember this day.
Aw, I love it!
(GASPS) Look,
I'm even in the window waving.
Hi, wooden me!
That is so cute!
(MOCKING)
That is so cute.
And what fine detail,
considering you have
such big hands.
Oh, come on!
Emma, you are more beautiful
than a starry night.
Let me whittle us a ship,
so that we may sail away
together.
Oh, stop! My boyfriend
is coming back soon,
and he's masculine.
Super masculine.
Hands off my woman!
I don't want to see you
or your neck hairs
near her again!
Or else what?
Or else...
You will feel the wrath
of my enormous hands!
(GASPING)
Let me down!
You're mean! (SHRIEKS)
(SCREAMS)
(WATER SPLASHES)
Now get ready to be kissed
by a real man.
(GASPS) Xandy!
Whoa!
(GRUNTS)
(GASPS)
(THUDDING)
Bronson, are you okay?
You didn't hurt
your biceps, did you?
They're two
of my three favorite parts!
Xander, what did you do?
Nothing! I was just
going in for a kiss!
What?
I said I called dibs.
(SPINNER RATTLES)
Oh, I spun a three.
Oh, no,
the British are coming!
Paul Revere, let us ride!
(IMITATES NEIGHING)
Uh-oh!
My piece is dusty!
Better clean that!
(SIGHS) Oh, sweet mercy,
it feels so stinking good!
To learn.
I like learning
as much as the next guy,
but do not be
a creepo about it.
Uh... Ooh, it's my turn!
Now, do I want to spin
a one-if-by-land,
or a two-if-by-sea?
Let me think.
(EXHALING DEEPLY)
I want to think, too!
Okay, enough!
I know you all
have poison oak.
BOTH: What?
You all
are itching like crazy,
and now Tiffany's face
is breaking out
in red splotches.
Would you believe
it's puberty?
No.
Okay, the truth is,
we got poison oak
when we were...
Uh! Walking back
to camp from your hike!
Yes, exactly!
It was probably
one of those vines
at the camp entrance.
Why did you not
say something earlier?
Because you were
so proud about your hike.
And we didn't want
you to feel bad.
Right, Tiffany?
(GIGGLING) Yes.
Everything they say
is true.
(GIGGLING)
Puberty giggles.
We've all been there, right?
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
I can't believe
you did that to Bronson!
I didn't mean to kiss him...
I mean, knock him
down the stairs!
By the way,
I'm sure he'll be fine,
since he's so big and tough.
Are you jealous?
Yes!
You obviously like
that kind of guy.
Okay, fine.
The truth is,
it's refreshing to meet
a guy who doesn't use an app
to decide which way
to part his hair!
It's more complicated
than you'd think!
(SHIP HORN BLOWING)
What was that?
Look, it's a ship!
And it looks like
it's headed right
for the rocks!
If only there was
some way to warn them!
You mean like
a lighthouse?
Oh, right.
This is torture.
We deserve it.
It's what we get for lying.
Eh, it's not that bad.
At least they give you
this free pink juice.
That's calamine lotion.
Well, at least now
my gums won't itch.
(THUNDER CRASHING)
Okay, there is
something I have to do.
I hope you're just going
to clip my toenails!
Chillax.
I am just going
to clear that poison oak.
What? No,
it's dangerous out there!
True, but as a CIT,
I am duty-bound
to protect this camp
from all itching hazards.
I am off!
(THUNDER CRASHING)
Guys, I'm really worried!
Me, too!
Ravi once got blown
across the room by a fan.
On low!
We gotta get
this light working
so that the ship doesn't
crash into the rocks!
We can't!
There's no fuel to light it!
(THUNDER CRASHING)
Whale blubber!
Metal canisters!
Stinkle forest!
See?
I can say random words, too.
No, I read in Tucker's journal
that the beacon runs on oil
rendered from whale blubber.
And he stored it downstairs
in metal canisters.
Okay, someone needs to go
get that oil and bring it
up here to light the...
Lou, I appreciate your
wanting to help, but we're
in the middle of a crisis.
Just let Xander
and me handle this.
Um...
By "Xander and me,"
did he mean, "the men"?
I don't think
he meant it like that.
That whale oil is very heavy,
so obviously a man
should lift it.
Apparently, he did.
Don't worry,
I'm just the man to do it.
I'm so manly,
I may even bring you
back a whole whale!
Um, they don't
eat people, do they?
Just get the oil!
That ship is getting closer!
(THUNDER CRASHING)
Ladies, please don't stress.
It's bad for your complexion,
and everyone knows
a woman's face
is her treasure.
Bronson, you're being
really sexist right now.
Yeah! Although to be fair,
I was on the cover of
Treasure Face magazine.
Lou, I thought you loved
that I was old-fashioned.
I didn't know you were
an old-fashioned jerk.
Just sit there
and look pretty.
Yeah, the ladies got this.
We need to make
a giant candle to get
that beacon lit, fast!
Uh... Here!
We can use this
to make a wick!
Tendons snapping...
Muscles ripping...
Xander, I can't believe
you lifted that!
I know!
Pour it in the lantern!
Quick!
Hurry!
Wait, the beacon
is facing the wrong way!
We have to rotate
the reflector so it points
towards the ocean.
I'll push it!
(THUNDER CRASHING)
(GRUNTS) It won't budge!
It must be rusted in place!
I need my hand cream!
Oh, Xander, this is not
the time to moisturize!
No, I mean, my hand cream
could lubricate the base
of the beacon! Come on!
The ship is almost
on the rocks!
(METAL CREAKING)
It's moving!
Oh, Xander, you did it!
(PANTING)
(SHIP HORN BLOWING)
The ship sees the light!
It's turning away!
We saved everyone
on that ship!
And the lighthouse
now smells delightfully
coconut-y.
(LAUGHS)
I hope Ravi's okay.
It's raining really hard.
I do not feel good
about this.
Me neither.
Although, it might be
because I'm burping up mud.
We need to go find Ravi!
(THUNDER CRASHING)
(RAVI YELLING)
(GASPS) Found him!
Ravi, are you okay?
Sure.
I'm just a little tired
from cutting that poison oak,
but getting hit by lightning
perked me right up.
Ravi, you're going to be okay!
We're going to call for help.
No! It is too late for me.
But at least I will die
having created a super rad
board game.
This is all our fault!
We lied.
We got the poison oak
from sliding in the mud
after you told us not to!
We're so sorry, buddy.
Please don't die, Ravi.
I love you.
Come on, Ravi.
Say something!
Baboosh!
ALL: Baboosh?
Wait, you're okay?
Considering the gridlock
in Congress,
are any of us okay?
So...
You faked getting hit
by lightning?
Like, duh!
I was out on the porch
the entire time.
How could you lie to us?
You lied to me
about sliding in the mud!
How did you know?
Well, you were all
quite peeved when
I forbade you to do it.
(SCOFFS) Also, Jorge threw
all his muddy clothes
in a pile on the cabin floor.
BOTH: Jorge!
Hey! You guys knew
I was the weak link
when you brought me on board.
Maybe next time
you will all listen to me
when I say you should
not do something.
Probably not,
but it's good to have goals.
What Zuri means to say
is that we're sorry we lied.
And I'm sorry I took a sip
of that calamine lotion.
Now I'm gonna be
poopin' pink for a week.
A week?
I also ate
a bunch of erasers.
Xander,
I'm really sorry
I made you feel
threatened by Bronson.
It's okay.
I get that you want
a guy like that.
His muscles have muscles.
Who cares?
You're strong and brilliant.
And your hand cream
saved the day.
I'm strong and brilliant?
(CHUCKLING) Stop.
Okay, keep going.
My point is, you're amazing.
And I can't wait
for our fifty-first date.
Me too.
And I know this really awesome
abandoned sawmill! And...
Dinner and a movie it is.
I can't believe
I ever liked you
just because
you were old-fashioned
and charming,
and chiseled like
a marble statue, and...
Stop it, Lou!
Just because
I'm kind of old school,
does that make me so terrible?
Yes! You need to
get with the times!
You sound
like my twin brother.
We're complete opposites.
Wait a minute.
You have a twin brother?
Yeah, he's weird.
He's a bull rider,
and getting his PhD
in Women's Studies.
Where can I find him?
He's probably back up
at the lighthouse.
He goes up there every night
to write his poetry.
See you!
(GRUNTS)
But I can't walk!
So? Use those biceps
and crawl home.